Daring to speak like this in my Ye family
Junning, what are you doing?
grandma
I'm sorry, Junning, he really didn't mean it.
Ok
Come sit with daddy
Our Yufei doesn't seem to have offended you much, does she?
Don't always look for his faults here
Okay, okay.
Leave them alone.
Now that all the guests are at the bar
Rare today
Everyone wishes to come and participate in the teacher's teaching
Is this a teacher?
Ducon wine that has been treasured for many years
Zhu Jin took it out for offering
Today, everyone must do their best.
Wow is this the other day
The bottle of Dukang wine auctioned off
It is said that the auction price has reached 10 million bottles
This good wine
Mrs. Xu is willing to take it out to entertain guests
Really rich?
Come, come, come and do it, hahaha.
Why don't you drink it, elf?
This wine smells of Baijiu in bulk
I'm not used to drinking
What do you mean?
How dare you say that I am the old man
The wine bought for 10 million is Baijiu in bulk
Mom made this kid sincerely make trouble
That is.
Come to our Ye family to attend the birthday banquet with empty hands
I really don't understand etiquette
King's Landing, he brought a gift
In the next initial publication
Special vertical Qinan Chenxiang 1st Road
I wish the old Taiwanese army peace and well-being
Millennium fun
Chilan
This legend says a gram is worth 30,000 dollars
Top-notch chilan is worth tens of millions
This gift is a bit tasteful
Humph Shaw King's Landing
This is your first time to give a gift to your door.
Let your wife pay for it for you